README.md, before:


# Project Name: Portfolio Skeleton Project
## Section 1: Header and Headline Section
> header and and headline section 
Created new branch according to GitHub flow rules
Added a .gitignore file
setup a linters for html and css and made sure that files not relevant are ignored by git.
Added a descriptive README file 
Added a header and headline section in the index.html file  of the project 
Added css styling to the html sections 
![](images/Screenshot%201%20of%20project.png)
## Section 2: Work Section
## In this section we: 
  worked on the work section on the page 
   added 3 work sections on the design page
    added an about me section 
Updated the readme file as the code has been updated 
## Built With
- HTML and CSS
- Visual Studio Code -Electron framework
- Technologies used

## Getting Started

**This project include linters for HTML,CSS, and Open Source Document
.**
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites
Node package Manager(NPM)
Follow set up instructions from Node Official Website https://nodejs.org/en/download/
Text Editor: VS-Code or any other Code editor 

### Setup
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

-Clone this repository with

git clone https://github.com/RichardChileya/portfolioskeleton1.git using your terminal or command line.

-Change to the project directory by entering :

cd The-portfolioskeleton1 in the terminal.

-run code . to open it in vscode

### Install

### Usage
npx hint .
npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"

### Run tests

### Deployment
## Authors

👤 **Richard W.K Chileya**

- GitHub: [@richardchileya](https://github.com/richardchileya)
- Twitter: [@Richard Chileya](https://twitter.com/richardchileya)
- LinkedIn: [Richard Chileya](https://linkedin.com/in/richardchileya)


Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!


## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Thanks to my coding partners floring and Justice for the help rendered when coding this project

## 📝 License
This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

update read me file with contact form information

README.md, after:


# Project Name: Portfolio Skeleton Project
## Section 1: Header and Headline Section
> header and and headline section 
Created new branch according to GitHub flow rules
Added a .gitignore file
setup a linters for html and css and made sure that files not relevant are ignored by git.
Added a descriptive README file 
Added a header and headline section in the index.html file  of the project 
Added css styling to the html sections 
![](images/Screenshot%201%20of%20project.png)
## Section 2: Work Section
## In this section we: 
  worked on the work section on the page 
   added 3 work sections on the design page
    added an about me section 
Updated the readme file as the code has been updated 

## Section 4: Contact Me Sectin
##  in this section we collaborated with @jash-debug:
 we added a contact section
 we added an html structure for the contact form section
 we added css style for the form section

    added an about me section 
## Built With
- HTML and CSS
- Visual Studio Code -Electron framework
- Technologies used

## Getting Started

**This project include linters for HTML,CSS, and Open Source Document
.**
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites
Node package Manager(NPM)
Follow set up instructions from Node Official Website https://nodejs.org/en/download/
Text Editor: VS-Code or any other Code editor 

### Setup
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

-Clone this repository with

git clone https://github.com/RichardChileya/portfolioskeleton1.git using your terminal or command line.

-Change to the project directory by entering :

cd The-portfolioskeleton1 in the terminal.

-run code . to open it in vscode

### Install

### Usage
npx hint .
npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"

### Run tests

### Deployment
## Authors

👤 **Richard W.K Chileya**

- GitHub: [@richardchileya](https://github.com/richardchileya)
- Twitter: [@Richard Chileya](https://twitter.com/richardchileya)
- LinkedIn: [Richard Chileya](https://linkedin.com/in/richardchileya)


Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

## Contributors
@jash-debug

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Thanks to my coding partners floring and Justice for the help rendered when coding this project

## 📝 License
This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
